Helllooo! I'm super excited
to start this course with you.
But before we do, we need to see where
we're starting and where we're ending up...
...so we have a clear path to success.
Now this course has over 200 HD videos
and tons of exercises and projects.
But they're all broken down into
sections to help us learn better.
The course is going to start
off with Python basics.
In here, if this is your first time
learning a programming language...
...it's going to be super super helpful...
...even for those that know a programming language
already but don't know anything about Python...
...this section is gonna get you caught up to speed with
the basics so that you feel comfortable programming.
This is a big section.
So we actually have two parts...
...and along the way you're gonna
watch me code but also code yourself...
...and practice coding so that you get
comfortable with what Python has to offer.
Next, we talk about a professional
Python developer environment.
We teach you how to use the
terminal and the command line...
...about using code editors like
Sublime Text and Visual Studio Code.
We talk about using PyCharm...
...a fully integrated IDE for Python developers
and also how to use Jupiter notebooks...
...because we're gonna use these notebooks later on
in the course to do something really really exciting.
Hint hint, it's machine learning.
And once we have a fully
professional developer environment...
...we then get into some
advanced Python topics.
Now this section we're not going
to shy away from any tough topics.
But I'm gonna help you understand
them and make sense of it all.
We're going to talk about classes,
object oriented programming...
...about decorators, generators,
air handling, functional programming...
...as well as best practices
when it comes to how to write clean code.
And we'll also learn about
popular Python packages.
How to work with files, how to test our code,
how to use regular expressions and so much more.
You're ahead my hurt by the end of this
section but trust me it's going to be fun.
Now most courses will be done by then.
You've learned python and
you should be all set, right?
Well, not really...
...because once we've learned this new language,
this new syntax we have our computers set...
...up to work with Python.
We need to talk about how we
can apply our newfound knowledge.
This is the fun part of the course.
We start talking about the careers and
the career options you have in Python.
Then we get into different fields
that we can use Python.
We're going to learn
about scripting in Python...
...where we use Python
to send automated emails.
We use Python to process images.
Work with PDF files we use Python
to send ourselves text messages.
We build a Twitter bot
and my favorite project in this section...
...is we build a password checker to actually see
if the passwords that you use have ever been hacked.
It's a really really fun one.
We also talk about data scraping.
A very common use case with Python
is to scrape data from online and...
...use it for something productive.
In our case we're going to
learn about data scraping...
...and how we can scrape a really
popular website for programmers...
...to only select the articles that are important
for you to stay up to date with the industry.
Again it's gonna be a really fun project.
I know I'm saying all projects
are fun but OK I'm biased.
Give me a break here.
We're also going to
learn about automation...
...and we're going to use something
called Selenium to actually...
...control through our machines...
...a web browser and get the
machine to do different tasks...
...as if it's a user and there's
some really fun applications...
...when it comes to
automation that we'll talk about.
And then I know I know
everybody's two favorite topics...
...web development and data science
and machine learning.
These two sections are
gonna be a ton of fun.
And I think are going to probably
be the most popular sections.
In the web development section...
We're going to learn how to use HTML,
CSS and JavaScript...
...as well as Python to
build our own server...
...build our own portfolio website...
...put the website online in production
and have future employers and customers...
...message you through your website.
And yes you're gonna get to customize it...
...and do whatever you want
to this portfolio website so you...
...have something to show
for it at the end of the course.
And then the machine
learning data science part.
We're going to use something
called Jupiter notebooks...
...and Kaggle to access some
really interesting datasets.
We're going to use libraries
like pandas and Scikit-Learn...
...to predict which soccer players are going
to be the most valuable or are underpaid.
We're going to build our
own machine learning model...
...using the iris dataset and then we're
also going to do some image detection...
...where we can feed the machine learning
model an image and it's going to predict...
...what the image is of.
And you're actually going to see
how this magic of machine learning...
...works underneath the hood. As you can
see we have a ton to cover in this course.
And by the end of it all...
...this is all going to fit in together and
makes sense from the very beginning...
...of Python basics to the
very end with machine learning.
We're going to take
you from zero to mastery.
But you know what...
...the best part of this course
is our online community.
We have thousands of developers...
...chatting, every day, helping each
other out, solving problems together...
...and just talking about the
latest and greatest in programming.
Now this is an optional
resource for you to use.
So you can have back and forth conversations
with other students and myself.
So you feel like you're part of a classroom
and you're not doing this all alone.
But you know what...
...enough talk.
I know you're getting excited.
I am too.
So let's get started.
Let's start learning.
And see why Python has become
the most popular language in the world.